1 . creat a git repo and clone it in local 
2. create code.py and add code to it (it will save  a new csv file to a new "data" folder )
3. Do a git add commit -m  and push before initializing the dvc
pip install dvc
4. Now we do "dvc init" (creates .dvcignore , .dvc )
5. Now do "mkdir S3" (creates a new S3 directory ) where dvc will actually save the data , we need to tell dvc to store the data at this location . so ye jo dvc kae liyae jo remote origin hai ye ek S3 bhi ho sakta hai 
6. Now we do "dvc remote add -d myremote(any name we want) S3(url)" to tell dvc our remote origin  and its name to refer
7.Next "dvc add data/"  # nothing after / means what ever files or folders inside data will come , you need to track that . 
also if we want to track a specific file inside the data then we can add it after /
Now it will ask to do :("git rm -r --cached 'data' i.e we stopped any tracking in 'data' and now we will commit this change : "git commit -m "stop tracking data") because its like we have already given it in counter 1 i.e through git 
because initailly we were tracking "data" folder from git so now we remove it for DVC to handle that from now onwards what ever data you see in this folder now you dvc will be completely responsible for its versioning . 

data.dvc is what contains the id corresponding to the code versions. i.e  the md5 and in .dvc we can see all the records and changes 

now we will commit all the changes so that git also remains up to date an dvc also remains up to date . 

8. Again we do "dvc add data/" (creates data.dvc) then "git add .gitignore data.dvc"
9.Now - "dvc commit" and then "dvc push" 
2 files pushed means (44 , ad ): ek hi data file kae liyae do file push karta hai , ek corresponding data rehta hai jaha par md file hash rehta hai . ek md5 token id  : which changes every time when data  changes . dusra file wo actual file khud hai . 
10. Do a git add-commit-push to mark this stage as first version of data
11. Now make changes to mycode.py to append a new row in data , check changes via "dvc status" 
12. Again - - "dvc commit " -> this will give new id  and then "dvc push" will push and will add two more files , one for md5 and other for file info  . 
Now this two newly created file(3b , 32) containing our file md5 id and data changes is our new version of data for this version of code commited . i.e for second version we have 3b and 32  uinque id . and these will be present at aws and git won't be tracking that . 
13 . Then git add-commit-push(we are saving v2 of our data at this point)
yaha git push karne par jo bhi dvc id hai data.dvc mae wo bhi push ho jaa raha automatically , and although we are push S3 files also but in real the AWS S3 will not be tracked .  
14. check dvc/git status , everything should be up to date
15. Now repeat step 10 - 12 for V3 of data. 


now we are rolling back the version and checking to see if we get the desired data version or not ?

git log --oneline
git checkout <SHA_id> - git checkout master
dvc pull
